Welcome to the Yahowah blog.
I'm your host, Craig Winn.
We're continuing our series.
I think this is the eleventh episode of
Gabor.
The Hebrew word means courageous,
man of great conviction.
It would be a man of character who
is exceedingly bold, one who is unafraid.
to engage in the battle for souls,
one who is willing to speak for God,
which takes tremendous courage,
considering how unpopular his voice has
been all these many years.
The most Gabor of all men is Do
David.
He is constantly given and afforded this
distinction by his father, Yahowah himself.
And he is the one who wrote the
Thirty-Fifth Mizmowr or Psalm, this Psalm,
which is combative.
It's angry.
It is right in your face and exceedingly
combative.
Father and son are disgusted with humanity
and particularly the religious.
this song was explicitly written to
condemn Christianity Judaism Islam and the
conspiracy cult that has tried to
undermine the value of yaraYahowah  which is
the one solution to this problem of
eroding
Dowd 's achievements and robbing the
Messiah and Son of God of all he
has accomplished.
And so God is flat out mad.
He realizes, as does Dowd ,
that without Dowd  having fulfilled Pesach,
Matzah, and Bikuwrym ,
opening the doorway to life,
removing our guilt so we could approach
God,
and being the first to enjoy the benefits
of Bakur,
being the firstborn of firstborn children
on Bikuwrym .
Dowd  is the means to our reconciliation
with God.
That relationship which was fractured six
thousand years ago in the garden is
restored by the very Son of God,
the Messiah, Dowd .
And yet, Paul and Peter, Mark and Luke,
robbed the Messiah, the Son of God,
of his acclaim, of his accomplishments,
of his accolades,
to create a goddamn counterfeit.
Nothing but the product of identity theft.
That's all Jesus Christ is.
He's the product of thievery.
And God's very upset about it,
exceedingly mad.
lashing out at Christianity,
and his own people were no better.
They created Judaism.
Rabbi Akiba  is the founder of rabbinic
Judaism,
and he earned that position by foisting
another false messiah to replace Dowd
rather than acknowledge everything that
Yahowah had proclaimed about his beloved
son.
Rabbi Akiba  did the same thing that Paul
did,
simply replaced
the real Messiah and Son of God with
a fake one, Bar Kokhba.
And it brought the wrath of Rome upon
Yahuwd ah,
causing the very problem that Jews are
plagued with on this day,
which is the name Palestine.
Called it the diaspora and everything
associated
Oh, with it, which is the pogroms,
and it is also the Holocaust.
All of it, the estrangement from the land.
All of it conceived by Rabbi Akiba ,
and all because he too went the route
of a false messiah rather than accepting
the one that Yahowah designated as the
messiah.
And in Judaism,
they even deny that God can have a
son,
even though God claims that Dowd  is his
son on three occasions,
and that he is his father.
God's exceedingly upset.
And in Islam,
the Quran is based upon rabbis selling
their God-forsaken Talmud stories to
Muhammad for a buck, which Muhammad,
ever the charlatan,
twisted and then claimed, well,
revealed to him by Allah when he bought
them from rabbis.
He even has his Lord,
which in Arabic should have been either
Baal or Adown,
changed to rabbi because he didn't know
what the hell he was buying.
So here we are.
And God's really upset about it.
And then finally,
a guy comes along and he writes in
a series called Coming Home.
That would be that fellow.
And under the umbrella of Yada Yahowah ,
which means to know Yahowah ,
he would write a series devoted to Doge
Psalms.
to explaining that Dowd  is the Messiah,
the son of God,
the former and returning king who
fulfilled Pesach as the lamb,
Matzah by having his nephesh soul carry
our guilt into Sheowl
to free us from
it.
And then the one who honored the promise
of Bikuwrym  as the Bokor,
the firstborn son of God.
is the first to ascertain this,
the first to share it,
the first to prove it.
And since that sets the record right,
since it establishes the foundation upon
which we can return to the garden
that God's people can be restored to
fellowship.
And it is not only the first,
but the only place that this occurs,
negating the lies of Peter and Paul and
Christianity,
and therefore the myth of Jesus,
negating the lies of Akiba and Maimonides,
and therefore the myth of Bar Kokhba and
of Judaism.
And the man who was capable of writing
five volumes
to destroy the myth of Allah and the
Quran and to expose how rabbis are
responsible for this hideous religion that
has been so harsh on Jews.
Writing another five volumes,
ten in total now between these two
religions to eviscerate them,
explaining exactly how Paul robs dote to
create the myth of Jesus.
And then with all of that,
there would arise out of the midst of
a fractured family,
a group of women and some accompanying
men, two in particular,
who would be so vile, so self-centered,
so misguided that these malcontents trying
to say that they speak for mama God,
being that does not even exist except in
religious folklore,
would condemn the one man who figured it
out, who set the record straight,
who restored Dowd 's dignity so that we can
all return to fellowship with Yahowah .
Can you have a chance?
Okay.
We have a delivery being made,
and that's why our protection service
here, Wookie and Asher,
have decided that they would draw our
attention to the fact that the United
States Postal Service has just made a
delivery.
Excuse for the interruption.
And it was really a critical point because
God's not only disgusted.
Dowd  is not only revolted.
at Christianity, at Judaism, and at Islam,
but it also in this mother goddess cult.
And this is specific to them,
this next line.
It says, she,
this would be the certifiable psychopath
at the heart of this conspiracy.
She has chosen to bring on him,
You see, she was empowered,
she was enabled because she took the
webmaster from Yada Yada to establish
her nest.
And she has therefore chosen to bring upon
him,
she by her decision has brought to him
a tempest of trouble and a ruinous
disaster.
calamitous,
causing devastation and hardship,
all because they chose to negate yada and
thereby preclude understanding with both
of them being ignorant and irrational,
lacking the knowledge and familiarity to
make any sense with their conclusions
being unfounded.
Boy,
you have to be exceedingly bad at the
absolute wrong moment to earn a
condemnation by the very son of God,
our returning king, doubt.
That's what they have earned.
They've chosen it for themselves.
And so this network trying to trap him,
yada,
and
used by these two who have lured so
many others in,
is being used by him to conceal.
A man named D.
Crud on behalf of D.P.
would choose to gain influence for
themselves by trying to ensnare him,
trying to lure him in, trapping him.
Within a ruinous and desolating storm,
this wasteful and troubling disaster
through his choices has caused him to fall
such that he will die and then be
oppressed along with her.
His decisions have led to his demise with
her.
Mizmowr , Psalm, Psalm, thirty-five, eight.
God despises what they have done.
And the reason that this matters, yes,
I understand that the miserable
malcontents forming the mother goddess
cult are nothing but navel length compared
to the hideous nature of Christianity,
of Christianity.
Judaism and Islam and the scope of the
numbers of people they have misled.
But they have done something that is just
vicious at this time,
that is so destructive at this time.
It must be specifically acknowledged and
condemned by God.
And that is they did what we have
seen in the garden with Chawah h.
making a declaration that she would become
a goddess and thereby luring her man in
to her plot,
all by twisting the words of God.
She would be just like Miriam,
Moshe's sister, who along with Aaron said,
we too speak for God.
God says, hell no, you don't.
I choose who speaks for me and I
make it very clear who speaks for me.
And you most certainly do not speak for
me.
In fact,
I view you as if your father had
spit in your face.
And so you're going to be stricken with
leprosy and estranged from the community.
That is this story.
It was told prophetically twice over.
And it reappears again when Micah,
which was a story that we will cover
here momentarily,
turned on Dowd  and condemned him.
saying that he was acting inappropriately,
that he had disgraced himself,
that he wasn't who he claimed to be,
just as the mother goddesses would say,
and that his whole legacy was a fraud.
This daughter of Sha'uwl making these claims
of doubt.
Oh,
it's a story that I can't wait to
share with you from Second Samuel six.
Yes, the story of depower and de-crud,
it's been told before and it is being
specifically condemned here.
Why?
Because it's the insider attacks,
the continuation of the fractured family
that are so devastating to the currency
required to credibly speak for God.
They destroy that credibility.
That is their intent.
They're like all insecure people
miserable people with unproductive lives
who have nothing to show for their lives,
who are grasping at what can I do?
Who can I blame for my miserable
condition?
And who can I tear down such that
I can speak over them,
that I can claim their acclaim for myself?
And that's what they've done.
And by attacking yada yada and yada,
as he became the lone voice to restore
the only means to reconcile our
relationship with Yahowah .
That's where they chose to attack.
God saying, no, I've worked way too hard,
way too long watching my beloved son.
be discarded after all he has done so
that finally when someone has figured it
out and has the courage to share it,
I'm not gonna allow anyone to tear it
down,
at least without me eviscerating them.
And that's what he has done here.
Not the first time,
it won't be the last.
within a ruinous and desolating storm,
this wasteful and troubling disaster.
Through his choices,
he has fallen and he will die,
being oppressed along with her.
Yes, indeed,
she was the one who chose to bring
this upon him, a tempest of trouble,
a ruinous disaster,
all by negating yada and precluding
understanding,
being both ignorant and irrational,
Yeah, they were there trying to entrap me,
trying to enclose what I have come to
know, trying to silence this voice,
trying to conceal all that we had learned
just to gain influence for themselves.
This is God's message to them.
Now, I don't share this for their sake,
the two that founded this cult
They're like everyone who is religious.
You can confront them with the very words
of God.
It makes no difference.
They no longer have even the capacity to
process things rationally.
They will grasp at all forms of straws.
They will just simply move to argumentum
by distraction.
Change the subject.
Find a different argument.
They will go to the ad hominem process.
fallacy because that's the one they play
best.
They're also great at non sequitur,
making statements that are unrelated to
the various conclusions that they draw.
It's just one fallacy after another,
including straw man,
creating a scenario that does not fit to
advance their cause.
So I share this for two reasons.
What is,
it was important to God to condemn them
for what they have done because he wants
his message to be bold, to be Gabor,
to be Chazaq, forceful,
because it has to be bold and unrelenting
at this time, uncompromising.
We only have eight years left.
And at this point,
most Jews are still recalcitrant.
They are still stiff neck.
They're still stubborn.
They're just still stuck in their own rut,
estranged from God.
They don't know Dowd .
They don't know Yahowah .
They're lost in a culture that has been
cultivated by toxic rabbis.
And so any assault on that is an
assault on God's mean to restore his
relationship with his people at this time.
Dowd , of course, is correct.
He is a prophet in his assessment that
there is a psychotic woman who is
collaborating with a nefarious man.
and that as former insiders overseeing
media and the website for Yada Yahowah ,
they have become a significant impediment
to the restoration of Dowd  as the Messiah,
the Son of God, the King,
and our Savior,
and thus the return of Father and Son,
and thus of the next two harvests,
and thus of our reentry into Eden on
Sukah .
They are alone and openly and publicly
slandering me while denouncing the
revelations from father and son throughout
Yada Yahowah .
Therefore,
our king is speaking of the mother goddess
cult.
Yahowah is expressing,
denouncing the culprits as he did in
Dabarym, twelve of the Torah.
as he did in numbers eleven,
as he did in numbers twelve.
And without her website,
this self-serving media maven and
conniving psycho of low repute would have
been mute.
It was he who not only caused her
denunciations to play out online,
but it was he who also wrote the
initial letters proclaiming that they were
setting up their own shop
to speak for their spiritual mother.
And it was he who also lured in
the publicist of Yada Yahowah .
Absolutely playing her for a fool.
What a shame.
She had so much invested in doing the
right thing for so many years.
Tossed it all away.
He was lured in by her and then
she was lured in by him.
As such,
the mother goddess cults are Shoah,
a tempest of trouble,
a calamitous impediment pursuant to
reestablishing Dowd  as our king and
savior.
This is largely because, as I have shared,
Yada is the lone voice proclaiming the
Messiah's fulfillment of the spring Miqrah.
He alone ascertained this.
He alone proved it.
He alone exposed it.
To denounce our King's restoration and
yada yada is an abomination to God.
To Dowd 's father anyway, because, well,
I don't speak for the unknown mother,
so I can't say what mother God has
to say about this,
but I'm damn well sure that God is
our father,
despises everything they represent.
And this is no laughing matter because
Dowd  is notorious not only for having Yahowah
claim to be his father,
but also guess what?
Dowd  is essentially motherless.
His mother appears to have been unknown to
him and certainly is unknown to us.
And perhaps for this very reason.
Now in this regard,
Shoah is a feminine noun and it spells
disaster.
It means that the woman creating the
confusion regarding God's soul and
Yahowah's nature is destroying the souls of
those who were lured into her trap and
particularly devastating for the webmaster
of the mother goddesses.
We find the son of God celebrating the
fact that this scoundrel will fall and
that he will be oppressed in Sheowl
.
worst damn decision of his life.
Victorious,
the Melech of Yahowah celebrates the last
vestige of his ire.
He says, then my soul,
it will continually rejoice with Yahowah ,
pleased with and enjoying his deliverance
and salvation.
Once this cult is eviscerated,
God celebrates.
Now he's had to endure the Christians,
the Judaism and Islam for millennia.
And he recognizes that all he needs is
a remnant capable of being restored
through worship.
Shabuwah  and Taruwah  for Kipurym  to occur and
he knows that's going to occur
particularly with these scoundrels muted
he wasn't trying to reach the Christians
the practitioners of Judaism particularly
the Haredim are Muslims anyway
trying to reach those of his people that
have not been seduced by these religions.
So Dowd  is hereby acknowledging that
Yahowah will deliver him from the abusive
woman and her accomplice.
And without them,
there will be joy among the many that
their collaboration has saved.
The long ordeal will be over.
Offering credit to where credit is due,
Dowd  reminds us that Yahowah shares nothing
in common with religious gods.
He is not a man.
He cannot die.
He does not want to be worshiped.
He is not a Lord.
He is not capricious.
He loves his son and will always defend
him from the religious who build their
myths by impersonating him.
My essential essence will say, yeah, well,
who is like you?
Saving the responsive from the loud mouth
and imprudent,
from the obstinate and severe because of
him.
The responsive who testify and the willing
who desire to be acceptable
He snatches away from those who would seek
to defraud him.
This is Psalm thirty five ten.
It's powerful,
particularly if you know what the words
mean.
Etsem is a word that you can translate
as skeleton, as bones, as backbone,
as also as essential essence.
It's how it's used in the Miqraey  itself,
where God calls the Mow'ed Miqraey  that Dowd
fulfilled, which would be Chag Matzah.
He refers to it as Etsem, essential.
And the one who fulfilled it, of course,
would be essential as well.
And so Dowd  says my entire essential
essence is stem.
We'll say Yahowah , who is like you.
He didn't say Yahowah ,
which is what the mother goddess called
has changed his name to.
He didn't say Hashem,
which is what rabbis have changed.
It too.
He didn't say Jesus,
which is what the Christians have changed
it to.
He didn't say Allah,
which is what the Muslims changed it to.
He said Yahowah .
Who is it that you think might have
been the one who was responsible for
reintroducing Yahowah's name so that you
might yada?
No?
Yahowah ?
Would it be this fellow down here?
Yada .
the first to do so in, what,
twenty-five hundred years?
Who is like you?
Natsal, sparing, delivering, whom?
Ani, the responsive, based upon Ana,
those who reply.
those who answer and who testify as a
witness.
And God, according to Dowd , as Yahowah ,
saves the responsive from the loudmouth
and imprudent,
the obstinate and the severe, the Chaqaq,
those who shout fiercely.
And they do so because of him.
because of the one who would reestablish
God's dignity.
Wa 'any,
so the responsive who testify and the
Ebyon, oh, the Ebyon, those willing,
those whose desire is to be acceptable,
those who offer their consent
He snatches away from them,
particularly those who would otherwise
defraud them.
There are few people who are as
interesting as the Ebyon.
We'll get to them in a moment.
So in this statement, while a stem,
as I've shared earlier,
can be rendered as bones,
I've presented it as Yahowah uses it in
the presentation of the Miqrah of matzah in
recognition of Dowd 's fulfillment of this
Mowedym .
Also, since ani, like anah,
is based upon the verb anah,
which means to respond, to reply,
and to answer, as well as to testify,
I've rendered it as such.
There is no justification for the
religious corruption to imply that it
means poor.
Other than to be observant and to listen
to him,
there is little Yahowah wants more than for
us to be responsive.
The whole purpose of God providing this
testimony to us is for us to listen
to it, to observe it,
and respond to him.
He didn't present all of this so we
could just simply read it.
What good is that unless we respond to
his instructions,
unless we reply to his invitations,
unless we answer him?
And come to him.
Now, in this case,
God's request of his family is to distance
themselves of the loudmouth and obstinate
who are imprudent.
It is the only way he can save
us from them.
But of this,
particularly this statement of unique
interest are, as I have mentioned,
the Ebyon.
because of the role that they played in
retaining Dowd 's testimony during the
Sermon on the Mount and the Olivet
Discourse.
These two speeches,
which are wholly incompatible with
Christianity and totally compatible with
the Torah.
Circa, ninety-five CE, the individual
composing what is now called the Gospel of
Matthew,
plagiarized the eyewitness account that
they had scribed in Hebrew and then set
it into the text he pilfered from Mark
and Luke.
The Ebyon were anything but needy because
they were among the few who sought to
be acceptable to the very Son of God
and to his Father, God.
Unfortunately,
with the Gentile Christians and religious
Jews, both gunning for the Ebyon,
they were exterminated,
but not without leaving their precious
legacy.
The religious sought to rob them and us
of what our Savior said,
defrauding the actual Messiah,
but they ultimately failed because we have
learned and shared the truth about them.
And for this reason,
I appreciate Dowd  for bringing the story
of the Ebyon to our attention,
particularly at this point in his Mizmowr .
so that we can acknowledge their
contribution in the light of the
consequence of others continuing to
defraud our savior.
This continues.
This is tough love, folks.
Malicious and thieving,
immoral and unrestrained,
errant and destructive witnesses,
rise up and remain,
who try to negate Yada,
whom I don't even comprehend,
who I can't relate to or understand.
They question and make demands of me,
wanting to deprive me.
And they repay me with bad,
with that which is harmful and miserable
and unfortunate.
counterproductive, doing so underhandedly,
or me having offered them something kind,
satisfying, good, and fair,
bereaving and forsaking,
even robbing my soul.
Mizmowr
Psalm, thirty-five, eleven,
and twelve.
Our Messiah, the Son of God,
returning King and Savior,
would have you know that those who have
counterfeited him,
who have conducted identity theft
regarding him,
who have plundered him of his
achievements, accolades, and dignity,
they're malicious, they're thieving,
they're immoral, they're errant,
they're destructive,
and they're unrestrained.
They are hideous witnesses expressing
their opinions and conclusions,
which are wholly inaccurate.
And nevertheless,
they have risen up and they remain trying
to negate Yada.
And Dowd  is saying,
I don't relate to them.
I can't comprehend them.
I do not understand them,
why they would do this.
Since they even question and make demands
of dote, of me.
They want to deprive me.
They repay me with ra'ah,
with that which is harmful and miserable
and unfortunate.
Doing so underhandedly for having offered
something that was exceedingly good,
satisfying, fair.
bereaving and forsaking,
even robbing my soul.
Do you understand the connection he is
making here?
Dowd  is the tree of lives.
The only way to capitalize on that tree,
to return to it, to benefit from it,
is through the tree of the knowledge of
Ra and Tob.
The very thing is being talked about here.
until you come to understand what is
right, what is good, what is pleasing,
what is acceptable,
and that which is injurious and harmful,
and you have that knowledge,
you are not in a position to capitalize
on what Dowd  is offering through the Tree
of Lives.
And so it is the Tree of Lives,
which is Yada Yahowah ,
that is providing a
for not only access,
but a responsive means to appreciate and
capitalize on all Dowd  is offering as the
tree of lives,
and has restored this relationship between
these two trees that were planted in the
garden.
And so Dowd  is saying,
with all of that being evident to him,
why?
they trying to negate yada why are they
doing this why are they continuing to
uproot and tear apart the tree of lives
i don't know if if you have thought
about it uh and you probably haven't
unless you listen to the program i did
not uh many months ago on Bamidbar
numbers fifteen
where there are so much consternation
among the religious about God saying you
should stone to death.
And then in English translations,
those who pick up sticks on the Shabbat.
Doesn't say that at all.
In fact,
that whole narrative follows immediately
after God says,
I want to explain to you how I'm
going to resolve the fractured
relationship that you've created.
The story follows that of the spies who
went into the promised land early on in
the Exodus and lied.
They became all meek and modest and timid.
And they said, oh,
big giants in the land.
We're not going in there, man.
No, they'd kill us.
And so God says,
you don't want my gift?
You want to lie about what I'm offering
you?
The hell with you.
You can just all die right here for
all I care.
And they did.
And immediately after that,
when everyone over the age of twenty died,
except for two men,
God said,
I'm going to lay out my plan as
to how with those under twenty,
how we're going to make this all work.
And he told the story of the ram,
the bull, and the goat.
And the role that they would play,
particularly as the goat,
is sacrificed on Taruwah  to cleanse those
who
are guilty by omission.
They're not the promoters of religion and
politics,
they're those who are misled by the
religious and political.
And it tells this whole story,
and then it goes immediately into the
story of a guy who was accused,
not of picking up sticks,
but of uprooting trees, two of them.
They were the trees of knowledge,
of good and evil and the tree of
lives.
And that's why that individual had to be
stoned.
Because it is only through the tree of
knowledge, yada, yada,
that the tree of lives can be capitalized
upon, can be understood,
can be identified again as Dowd  for having
fulfilled Chag Matzah.
That's the story.
And that's why the tzitzit was discussed
immediately thereafter.
And it is not a tassel.
No.
It's the blue flower of the flax.
And it isn't to be exposed.
It is to be on the inside of
your garment where you see it when you
put it on.
Why?
Because that blue flower of the flax tells
you when it's time
each year to celebrate Chag Matzah,
Pisach, Matzah, and Bikuwrym .
These are lessons that the world has not
understood until they were explained by
Yada in Yada Yahowah ,
which is why Father and Son are so
protective.
It is the planet's last
and best hope.
Well, in a broader sense, Peter and Paul,
Lekeb and Maimonides,
were malicious and unrestrained in their
belligerence towards Dowd .
Their witness was exceedingly destructive
in promulgating their religions of
Christianity and Judaism and later through
the Talmud, Islam as well.
But it wasn't until the embittered
rebellion of the mother goddesses that
anyone tried to silence Yahowah and his
mission of restoring our king to his
rightful place in our lives.
And of these individuals,
Dowd  admits that he can't relate to them.
He cannot comprehend them.
He doesn't understand them.
I'm sure they are senseless.
This is remarkably different than Yahowah's
approach to the likes of Paul and Akiba,
where through Habakkuk, Isaiah,
and through these two prophets in
particular, these charlatans were exposed,
they were explained,
and they were dispatched.
And yet here,
it's Dowd 's impression that they're
incomprehensible.
And in his assessment of them,
I concur.
The simple truth is that Dowd  offered us
more than anyone through his lives and
lyrics,
and yet he has been repaid by having
religious thieves rob him of his accolades
and achievements.
The vast preponderance of people have
forsaken the soul of the one who has
been the most committed to saving them.
And so I,
in being injured and weakened by them,
adorning, adorning, not adoring,
adorning clothing,
me coarsely and commonly,
as opposed to regally,
as the very Son of God,
as our Savior,
They have responded with my soul,
ignoring some and issuing instructions to
others,
in addition to either intervening or
distancing myself based upon the core of
who I am when restored.
So what he's saying here is that humankind
has incapacitated the intent of Chag
Matzah and our savior's fulfillment,
especially nullifying his sacrifice for
our welfare.
The religious have dressed our king in
common clothes.
They have made God ordinary as opposed to
the most important special dignified.
man in human history it is java who
adorns him in light calling him the
greatest of all who have ever lived and
so aware that there would be those who
would agree and disagree both with yada
and as evidence in
Yada Yahowah ,
Dowd  is distancing himself from those who
have denied him while instructing to those
who are appreciative of his contributions
in our lives.
As you greet him, he will greet you.
His intervention during Pesach and Matzah
would separate some from the world and
unto God and others from God and unto
the world.
Well,
this next statement would be also
bewildering,
if not for an understanding of our present
situation and Yada's influence on Dowd 's
restoration as our savior.
Our king has a friend,
one closer to him than were his brothers
long ago.
But to this man who by reflecting his
brilliance has made it possible for Dowd
to strive towards his glorious return.
Well,
he's enduring a relentless attack from a
psychopath promoting all manner of turbid
darkness and chaotic hypocrisy.
Not only is Dowd  bereaved
by the mean spirited onslaught.
He is lamenting over the heartache endured
by his friend, his brother.
The text of thirty five fourteen reads as
a friend.
And with regard to my brother.
I proceed grieving over and lamenting her
mother.
In the.
Chaotic and turbid darkness deprived of
enlightenment,
I was reduced in stature and suffered and
indignity.
Dowd 's not letting anybody squirm away
from this.
Her mother goddesses are right underneath
his thumb and he is squishing the life
out of them.
The fact is that brothers support brothers
and friends have one another's back.
They celebrate their victories and they
lament their losses.
This time, however,
these men are exemplary as the greater and
lesser luminaries with one as the king and
the other is his herald.
So now the most menacing obstacle
precluding Dowd 's reinstatement is an M,
a mother pretending to speak for a
maternal spirit.
This is of course,
particularly telling because there is no
indication that Dowd  ever knew his mother,
making it rather obvious that he has come
to rue the one changing the gender of
his father.
Why else would Dowd  lament this M mother
or grieve over the ensuing chaos where his
stature has been reduced from the level
that it had been raised by his brother
and his rare friend?
Can't squirm away from this one.
Dowd  is way too detailed.
He's very bright.
Dowd 's return to prominence and the
message portrayed in Yada Yada.
They're interwoven.
They're inseparable.
So to speak over Yada,
the mother goddesses must denounce my
commitment to serve Dowd .
And in so doing, she discredits God's son,
our savior.
By having turned animosity and annoyance
into a religion,
Dowd  is lamenting their belligerence.
He said,
my vulnerability and incapacitation,
they celebrate and they're overjoyed,
assembling together against me.
These lame and verbally abusive,
deadly and destructive,
Oppressive attackers denounce and negate,
yada, and ignorantly and irrationally,
they slander and insult,
tear down and rip apart.
They are unwilling to stop.
They're unable to remain silent with a
moral and filthy,
godless profanity and alienating
hypocrisy.
These foreigners mock and they scorn,
they ridicule and they scoff,
they stammer and they deride as godless
buffoons gnashing and grating angrily over
me with their teeth.
Oh, wow.
Psalm, thirty-five, sixteen.
Are you getting the point there, Rich?
Couldn't be any clearer.
Oh, my goodness.
They can't blame any of this on you.
Literally our Savior's gone out of his way
to write about this.
They get so angry because,
and I think it was actually a huge
part of them bonding together because when
they first wrote and said specifically
that they were leaving because I had not
recognized Spirit Mom.
and that they had found Spirit Mom and
that Spirit Mom was speaking to them.
And that unless I were to accept Spirit
Mom and also speak for Spirit Mom based
upon what they had discovered about Spirit
Mom,
that many were going to die and they
couldn't let that happen.
So they were going to be the ones
who leave and establish their own identity
to denounce what I was saying so that
they could speak for Spirit Mom.
And the location they found Spirit Mom was
in the Eighth Mishal, Proverb of Dowd .
And when I responded to them and said,
listen, you're obviously free to go,
free to do whatever you want to do.
But I will leave you with this.
Well,
I'm not going to even speak to the
disparaging and slanderous words that you
used to deride me.
in your letter,
even though they were disgusting.
Let me point out to you what should
have been obvious to you.
There is no Emma, mother,
in the eighth proverb, none.
There is no Ruach, spirit,
None.
There cannot be a spirit mom in the
eighth proverb if there is no M, mom,
or Ruach spirit.
And all you found is that you don't
understand Hebrew grammar and that you
don't have any appreciation for Chokmah.
The entire Mizmowr celebrates Chokmah,
which happens to be a feminine noun in
Hebrew.
It means to have intellect, mental acumen,
the ability to process information
rationally and deduce intelligent
insights.
Exactly what they're missing.
And in what they're missing,
they found a spirit mom.
I said, don't do that.
Do you have any idea what you're doing
by putting your souls at risk?
By pursuing this when it is wrong?
And of course, the first thing,
how dare you would say that we'd put
our souls at risk?
How dare you don't say that you've damned
them?
I warned you.
I didn't condemn you.
God isn't warning you.
He is condemning you.
And he speaks for God.
You did this to yourselves.
You were stupid.
You were egomaniacal.
You lured others in.
You not only destroyed your own souls,
you destroyed the souls of others.
You should be ashamed.
It's disgusting what you did.
And they continue, I'm in the midst now,
I think I'm off,
fifty pages into Yahowah's rebuttal.
This is Dowd 's rebuttal to them.
Yahowah's rebuttal to their coming out
party, their confession.
that they indeed speak for spirit mom,
that they are indeed the voice of the
mother goddess.
They made it absolutely clear in their
post and they actually shared their post
on my feed.
And so I did what Yahowah has taught
me to do,
to listen to his response to them.
I'm now fifty pages into Yahowah's response
because God is absolutely brilliant.
He is totally unrelenting and
demonstrating that they are totally,
completely wrong.
And the consequence for them is damning.
I'll share that.
It'll be part of this series going forward
because we have to be bold enough to
tell people the truth.
They damned themselves by deceiving on the
wrong subject, the wrong person,
the wrong series of books,
trying to uproot the tree of lives and
the tree of knowledge of good and evil
so that they could speak for Spirit Mom
because their own lives were unfulfilling
and they needed something that they could
claim as their own.
And the only way they could do that
is to denounce the one that Yahowah had
chosen to speak through.
And that's what they did.
And Dowd  has paid attention to it.
And he is disgusted.
He says they're lame,
they're verbally abusive, they're deadly,
they're destructive, they're oppressive,
they're crippling, they're subjugating,
they're wounding, they're diseased,
and they're denunciations of yada.
They're ignorant, they're irrational.
As they slander and insult,
they tear down and they rip apart.
They did this to themselves.
And if it was just the two of
them that became the three of them,
that became a dozen of them, all vicious,
all disgusting, all slanderous,
that would be one thing.
But they didn't go into their own little
hole.
and tell each other how wonderful they
were and how marvelous the voice of Spirit
Mom was all by themselves.
No,
they put their trash right out in the
open and they lured others into their
cult,
which is why Dowd  is so upset with
them.
And as he points out,
it doesn't matter how many times Yahowah
himself or Dowd  now shows his disgust,
repudiating them,
as happened in the story of Miriam when
she attacked Moshe's wife,
just as the mother goddesses viciously
attacked my wife.
and then claimed that they too speak for
God.
Oh, well, goddess anyway.
It's the same story as Numbers Twelve,
exactly the same story.
It's the same story as Bare’syth Genesis
Two with Chawah, six thousand years later.
Same story over and over again.
They can't stop.
It doesn't matter how much you prove that
they're wrong or that God himself is
proving they're wrong or that the king is
proving they're wrong.
They're unable to stop.
They can't remain silent.
They continue to be filthy and immoral
with their godless profanity and
alienating hypocrisy.
There are foreigners who mock and scorn,
claiming what isn't theirs.
They ridicule, they scoff, they stammer,
they deride, they're buffoons.
They gnash and they grate their teeth
angrily.
Against Dowd  and against Dowd 's Herald.
Now in a general sense.
Robbing Doe to create the myth of Christ
was the most egregious crime ever
committed.
One that caused God's beloved son undue
suffering.
And the religious are so arrogant about
it,
they actually celebrate defrauding the
actual Messiah while claiming that their
God is a man.
It's lame.
It's abusive.
Well,
it's deadly when their God got killed in
the process.
And of course,
since Jada was the one to solve the
crime and offer restitution,
he has become the object of religious
scorn.
Even as the opposing criticism is wholly
ignorant and irrational,
and the slander nothing but insulting,
the vulgar cannot help themselves.
Having already been shown wrong by Yahowah
and Jada,
They never acknowledge defeat.
And as if masters of the fallacy of
argumentum by distraction,
they sidestep their prior losses and move
on to the next fallacious argument,
shifting from one topic to another.
Somewhere along the way,
they lost track of their spirit mom,
and they turned their attention to
slandering me and renouncing Yada Yahowah ,
failing
and flailing at the wind to rip both
to shreds.
They are now manifest mostly by envy.
It has consumed them.
And even with this rebuke from our
returning king,
it's evident that they won't cease.
Without their godless profanity and
alienating hypocrisy,
they would have nothing left to offer.
So they mock, they deride, they ridicule,
they scorn as if these things were
virtues,
defining themselves by gnashing their
teeth.
And even in this, there's a lesson.
They claim that Yada is a false witness
and that Yada Yahowah  should be trashed.
They call me a liar, routinely.
They don't say I'm mistaken.
They say, no, you're a liar.
which mean that you know what is true,
but are saying the opposite.
Now, of course, it's absurd,
but that doesn't stop them.
They're hypocrites.
I happen to concur with Yahowah when he
says that, for example,
that we can eat whatever we desire.
They don't.
I've come to appreciate why Dabarym XII
offers such liberty with all but blood.
because I understand the difference
between a Bashar and a Nefesh,
a body and a soul.
The very thing they miss when negating
Dowd 's sacrifice because they say Dowd
could not have fulfilled Passover because
there is no human sacrifice.
And they're clueless as to the difference
between a Bashar that is being offered and
a Nefesh that was saved.
Now food affects our bodies.
but not our souls.
Blood is shed by the lamb and by
the bull to transform our souls,
not our bodies.
This truth is well beyond them.
I hope it isn't well beyond you.
Now this even spills over to the recent
rift with cult members where they recoiled
at the realization
that we are returning to Eden,
where the dress code was a little more
than a smile.
I'm laughing because I'm retranslating and
rethinking the entire discussion of Eden.
Powerful.
Oh, my goodness.
The insights that you can derive when you
have built a foundation of understanding,
even Eden.
It's 'ayn, dileth, nun.
The 'ayn is an eyewitness,
an observant person.
The dileth speaks of doubt as the doorway
to life.
A man whose name began and ended with
a door, dileth.
So it's one who observed the doorway.
to life, to children,
the nun is both the son representing the
very son of God,
just as the Dileth represents Dowd .
So he's not only the one who witnesses,
who observes Dowd  as the doorway and as
the son,
but has seen the garden as the doorway
back to restored life for the very
children of God.
That is what Eden
means did you know that and did you
know what the dress code was in Eden
yowza because we're all going to be
looking beautiful it is little more than a
smile why because those who are
comfortable in god's presence because
their guilt has been carried away by dote
We look perfect in God's eyes and we
know it.
We're comfortable being exposed before
him, but the religious, of course,
the conspiratorial, the cultists, oh,
they're horrified by the idea that their
bodies will be exposed because they're so
fixated on them while the rest of us
are overjoyed that our souls will have the
opportunity to be completely bare.
and Yahowah's presence without concern.
You see the difference?
Now,
it has been a distinct privilege and an
amazing opportunity to have been the first
to recognize how the Abrahamic religions
all infringed on Dowd 's dignity,
while incapacitating the intent of his
sacrifices,
all while restoring the Messiah's
credibility.
This has been
My opportunity, my calling, my purpose,
it is the very nature of these thirty-five
volumes called Yada Yahowah .
That is what they do.
The greatest discovery, the greatest gift,
pursuant to God in human history.
And so, to read about how much anguish
These identity thieves and these
counterfeiters brought upon our Savior.
While recognizing that Yahowah has been the
healing balm that he has long sought.
It's our rite of passage through the
Mizmowr .
This has been a bittersweet experience,
this Mizmowr .
the most aggressive of all of them the
most gabor ever written it's interesting
too that i uh i decided that i
would begin uh initially uh the the series
on on coming home for bashar herald
with the next three, Mizmowr
, that Dowd  had written numerically,
thirty-three, thirty-four, thirty-five.
I've shared thirty-three and thirty-four
with you,
and now we're halfway through thirty-five.
And now, since then,
I backed up considerably because I want to
tell the entire story of this serving as
a witness to Dowd .
The very fact is that I had not
translated thirty-three, thirty-four,
thirty-five.
And I thought that I would stop at
thirty three and then go to Second Samuel
six,
since it's such an important part of this
series.
And I said, no, no, no,
I just I've got to press on.
I need to do thirty four.
And that's the one where we hear that
there would be a boy who would provide
the means to the benefits of the
relationship whose God would be our.
Powerful, huh?
And then I said, no, no,
I need to get to the meat of
the story,
to Dowd  being Gabor in Second Samuel six,
because it leads to my favorite prophecy,
Second Samuel seven.
And I said, no,
there's something in me that says we have
to do the thirty fifth song.
And now you know why.
It was written by Dowd .
for this situation today.
I'm going to share with you the next
line and then we will conclude this
program and we'll pick it up at this
point tomorrow.
It reads my upright one, the foundation,
an upright pillar.
You have seen,
have you seen anything that is comparable
to this?
Have you witnessed anything
similar to this,
such that your choice and my desire is
for you to return my soul,
bringing my consciousness back to restore.
On account of their troublesome hardship
and ruinous situation,
their wasteful and ravaging destruction,
with me as the only child,
the unique son
Against the young militants.
Influential merchants of death.
And even the fierce tycoons.
Song Psalm.
I think I'm going to leave you right
there.
Giving you the opportunity to contemplate.
What Dowd  is discussing.
When this is going to occur.
Why he brought it up at this time.
And where he's going with it.
It's been an amazing hour and twelve
minutes and thirty seconds that we have
spent together.
I hope that you have gained from it,
learned from it,
and are in a better position to have
an appreciation of who Dowd  is and why
he is expressing his vitriol at this time,
at these people,
and understand his reasons.
Thank you so much for listening.
Good day.